added mise-en-place (#3455)
ruby/www.ruby-lang.org: en/documentation/installation/index.md

from source.

### mise-en-place
{: #mise-en-place}

[mise-en-place][mise-en-place] allows you to switch between multiple Rubies.
It uses [ruby-build](#ruby-build) under the hood but can also be configured to use [ruby-install](#ruby-install)

> —neither of which needs to be manually installed first. mise-en-place is a polyglot

Author: not sure if this is too wordy, I felt like if I mention ruby-build/ruby-install that may confuse users thinking they need to first install those which they don't (in fact mise can't even be configured to use an existing ruby-install/ruby-build)

> [mise-en-place][mise-en-place] allows you to switch between multiple Rubies.
> It uses [ruby-build](#ruby-build) under the hood but can also be configured to use [ruby-install](#ruby-install)
> —neither of which needs to be manually installed first. mise-en-place is a polyglot
> version manager supporting many programming languages including [ruby][mise-en-place-ruby].
> mise-en-place also has a [gem backend](https://mise.jdx.dev/dev-tools/backends/gem.html) which can be used to manage
> versions of CLIs written in ruby.
> It supports UNIX-like and Windows operating systems.

Reviewer: How about this version where we focus on Ruby and make things clear. People will naturally learn how it works once they try out mise-en-place?

```suggestion
[mise-en-place][mise-en-place] allows you to switch between multiple Rubies without requiring additional tools.
It manages installations automatically and includes a [gem backend](https://mise.jdx.dev/dev-tools/backends/gem.html) to manage versions of CLIs written in Ruby.
It supports UNIX-like and Windows operating systems.
```
